Auth: update generic OAuth documentation (#70330)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/shared/auth/intro.md

---
title: Intro paragraph
---

> Grafana supports many ways to authenticate users. The authentication setup determines which users have access to Grafana and how they log in to Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are numerous authentication methods available in Grafana to verify user identity. The authentication configuration dictates which users can access Grafana and the methods they can use for logging in.```

> You can also configure Grafana to manage users' roles and team memberships based on the information returned by the auth provider integration.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this means. Is this about using Grafana as the auth provider? Or is this something else?

> When choosing which authentication mechanism to use, you should consider the current identity and access management setup that you or your organization have, and the authentication and authorization features that you want to utilise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deciding on an authentication method, it's important to take into account your current identity and access management system as well as the specific authentication and authorization functions you require.```

> For a full list of the available authentication options and features supported by them refer to [Configure authentication]({{< relref "/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of the available authentication options and the features they support, refer to [Configure authentication]({{< relref "/docs/grafana/latest/setup-grafana/configure-security/configure-authentication" >}}).
```
